Captain
This Boss Hu
He's been buying from Lao Zhao for years
Could he possibly know
something we don't know?
And Lao Zhao alone
couldn't easily kill and dump his wife
This Boss Hu
might've been involved too
Boss Hu
Yes
Where's the evidence?
I don't have any yet
but I can look into it
Lin Shen
Lately, working cases
have you been a bit impatient?
Yes
Zhi Yuan
Meet at the usual place
Okay
I'm stepping out for a bit
Carry on with the meeting.
You ordered so much, can you finish it?
I didn't eat lunch
I'm hungry
Boss
Your shop's in a pretty good spot
The foot traffic is high and steady
And it's quite visible.
Right?
Why?
Interested in doing business?
A relative wants to start a business.
So they asked me to look into it.
You're left-handed, huh
You cut meat every day
That left hand must be really strong
Bigger than the right
Boss Hu
The person in this painting looks like you
Me
I...
So this painting was
painted by you?
Just a little hobby
Just doodling
You have a real talent for art, then.
Sorry about that
Some things from when I was a kid
That explains it
There's quite a hidden space in there.
I'll show you.
No need
No
Sorry to offend
It's fine
Have a seat first
Go ahead and eat
It'll be right out
Here, Lu Yi
Here
Hand out the rest
You all have the autopsy report.
Captain
I told you, this Boss Hu
is definitely suspicious.
Right now in his shop
there's a creepy self-portrait hanging
And behind it there's something locked
Lin Shen
Even if Boss Hu is suspicious,
aren't you tipping him off like this?
This is basic procedure
Captain, I...
You what?
Here's what we'll do
I've noticed lately
your emotions have been quite volatile.
Take some time off
and clear your head.
All right?
Captain
I'm very calm right now
I suspect recently...
Take some time off.
Fine
Captain
I'll take some time off.
Back to the meeting.
No, thanks
You guys...
I'm telling you
This...
She's already gone
and you still cut her open?
I'm telling you
She can't be buried in the family grave
Just leave her in peace.
There's nothing to check in our home.
Calm down, calm down
You suspect me, don't you?
We've been an old married couple for ages
My old woman...
Your fate...
is so bitter
Lin!
Come here, look!
We found a stick like the murder weapon
Our daughter hasn't been home for so long
Tell me, how did our
perfectly good family
end up like this?
Who are you looking for?
Hello, ma'am
I'm Lu Yi's friend
My name is Lin Shen
Xiao Lu's friend?
Come in, quick
Lu Yi's been too busy lately
So I came to visit you.
Come in
Come, come
Xiao Lu mentioned you before
You know, our kid
to have a friend like you
is really rare.
Come, come
I brought some things for you.
You shouldn't have.
It's nothing.
I'll get you some fruit
Don't trouble yourself, ma'am
It's fine
Oh, right
This is what Lu Yi left behind last time.
Her room is inside, on the right.
You can go put it in there.
Okay
Make yourself at home
Xiao Shen
Come have some fruit
Coming
Have a seat.
Ma'am
I'd like to go see Uncle Lu
Let's go
Uncle Lu
My name is Lin Shen
Wang Hai'an
is my uncle
How do you know Morse Code?
My dad taught me when I was little
My dad said it was our
father-daughter secret code.
It was me
I'll talk.
That old woman
I was the one who killed her
That day
I'd had a bit to drink
She kept cursing me
Calling me
the most awful things.
I just couldn't take it anymore
In a daze
I grabbed a stick
and hit her with it.
How did you hit her?
Where did you hit her?
The victim was struck with a blunt object
causing a skull fracture
leading to her death.
I don't remember
At the time,
I'd had too much to drink
I can't remember clearly.
I hit her a few times
and she was gone.
That night you were drinking,
were you drinking alone?
Officer
I've confessed to everything.
These old bones of mine
I've lived long enough anyway
Just sentence me already.
Is it Boss Hu?
Captain Duan wants you
Someone turned themselves in
You said you killed Lao Zhao's wife
Yeah
I killed her
Why?
Okay.
On the day of the crime,
you were drinking with Lao Zhao
That's right
I'd had too much to drink.
I acted on impulse.
What made you
snap and commit murder?
That woman
she was such a snob
She said I jinxed my parents to death,
and that I'd come to ruin their family
Borrow money?
What money do you have?
Get lost!
I just wanted to borrow a little money
Worst of all was her cursing Brother Zhao.
Brother Zhao is my benefactor
Cursing him is like slapping my face.
She was asking to die
I felt deeply humiliated.
I grabbed a stick
and beat her to death.
How did you hit her?
Where did you hit her?
Her head
Over and over
Just because she insulted you a few times
you were brutal enough to kill her
I heard when you were young
you hung out with Lao Zhao too
getting drunk every day
What exactly is your relationship?